{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21700\viewh17760\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 How To Use The Live App 2.0 On Any Experiment
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
Every time you want to update the progress bar on the live app you have to save a csv file. The first file must be named live1.csv, the second one live2.csv, then live3.csv and so on. You will probably want to save the csv at the start of each trial or stimuli.\
\
Each file for a participant must be saved in a folder named with the subject number only. All the individual participant\'92s folders must be saved in a folder named live in the root directory of the experiment. 
\f2\i Ex: /Volumes/bamlab/Experiments/AEPETv2/live/002/
\f1\i0 \
\
\
\

\f3\i\b Example saving in Psychopy:\
Begin Experiment:\

\f2\b0 liveNum = 1\
trialNum = 1\
totalTrialNum = 1\
\

\f3\b Begin Routine of Each Section:
\f2\b0 \
liveFile = open('live'+str(liveNum)+'.csv', 'w')\
liveFile.write('Study,' + str(trialNum) + ',' + str(totalInSection) + ',' + str(totalTrialNum) + ',' + str(totalTrials) + ',2')\
liveFile.close()\
liveNum += 1\
trialNum += 1\
totalTrialNum += 1\
\
In this example the liveNum var would increase the file name number very time you save it\
When the participant is done with the entire experiment set trialNum equal to totalInSection and totalTrialNum equal to totalTrials\
\

\f1\i0 \
\

\f0\b\fs28 CSV File Layout:\

\f1\b0\fs24 \
Name of Section(Ex: Study or Recognition),# participant is on (starting at 1),out of # in section,# participant is on (starting at 1),out of # in total,audible tone (0 is nothing, 1 is warning tone)\
\
When the participant is done, save another file with Done instead of name of section, it will also play the done tone\
\

\f0\b\fs28 Example:\

\fs24 \
What you would export in the file:
\f1\b0 \
Study,3,5,8,10,1\
\
\

\f0\b What you would see:
\f1\b0 \
\

\f0\b\fs28 	    Study Phase
\f1\b0\fs24 \
	        Trial 3 of 5\
\
[::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::		]\
	       60% Section\
\
[::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::		]\
	         80% Total\
\
\
(Audible ding warning tone)\
\
\
\

\f0\b\fs28 Example:\

\f1\b0\fs24 First start the Live App in Live App 2.0 folder. Type 001 in the participant section and LiveExample as the experiment, then hit the enter button. Go back and open the folder underneath the Live App 2.0 folder named LiveExample, and open the folder titled \'91live\'92 inside. Drag each of the csv files into the 001 folder one at a time in order, and watch the live app\'92s response. Also look at what is happening in each csv file. When your done drag out all the csv files back into the live folder, and you\'92ll have to restart the live app to see it again.\
\

\f0\b\fs28 Starting the Live App:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
Open the folder named Live App v2.0 in the experiments folder, open the .psyexp to debug or the .command to open from terminal\
Type in the subject number and the name of your experiment (This is used to find the experiment folder in the Experiments directory)\
And that\'92s it!}